Add cdk to pulumi migration guide (#16740)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/iac/guides/migration/migrating-to-pulumi/migrating-from-cdk/migrating-existing-cdk-app.md

---
title_tag: "Migrating existing AWS CDK applications to Pulumi"
meta_desc: Migrate your existing AWS CDK applications to Pulumi, including converting code and importing existing resources.
title: Migrating existing AWS CDK applications
h1: "Migrating existing AWS CDK applications to Pulumi"
meta_image: /images/docs/meta-images/docs-meta.png
aliases:
    - /docs/iac/guides/migration/migrating-to-pulumi/migrating-from-cdk/migrating-existing-cdk-app/
menu:
    iac:
      name: Migrating existing CDK
      parent: iac-guides-migration-from-cdk
      weight: 1
---

This guide walks through migrating an existing AWS CDK application to a Pulumi program that manages the same infrastructure.

## The golden path: incremental migration

> The safest migration approach is **incremental**: migrate one logical group of resources at a time, verify each group before proceeding, and maintain the ability to roll back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulumi recommends an incremental path in migrating CDK resources to Pulumi, importing one logical group of resources at a time, and verifying each group of resources before proceeding to the next while maintaining the ability to roll back.
```
